Feature beta 3 branch - Redis samples (#22164)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureCacheForRedis/ioredis.md

> ## Azure Cache For Redis AAD With IO-Redis Client Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Azure Cache for Redis AAD with ioredis client library
```

### Table of contents

- [Ioredis Library](#ioredis-library)
    - [Dependency Requirements](#dependency-requirements-ioredis)
    - [Authenticate with AAD - Hello World](#authenticate-with-aad-ioredis-hello-world)

>     - [Authenticate with AAD - Handle Re-Authentication](#authenticate-with-aad-handle-re-authentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Authenticate with AAD - Handle Reauthentication](#authenticate-with-aad-handle-reauthentication)
```

### Ioredis Library

#### Dependency Requirements Ioredis
```
    "@azure/identity":"^2.0.4",
    "ioredis": "^5.0.4"
```

> #### Authenticate with AAD ioredis Hello World

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Authenticate with Azure AD: Hello World
```

> This sample is intended to assist in authenticating with AAD via ioredis client library. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an AAD Access token and to use it as password when setting up the ioredis instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This sample is intended to assist in authenticating with AAD via ioredis client library. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an AAD access token and to use it as password when setting up the ioredis instance.
```

Familiarity with the Ioredis and Azure Identity client libraries is assumed. If you're new to the Azure Identity library for Javascript, see the docs for [Azure Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-node-latest) and [ioredis](https://github.com/luin/ioredis) rather than this guide.

##### Migration Guidance

> When migrating your existing your application code, you need to replace the password input with Azure Active Directory Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When migrating your existing your application code, replace the password input with Azure AD token.
```

> Integrate the logic in your application code to fetch an AAD Access Token via Identity SDK as shown below and replace it with the password configuring/retrieving logic in your application code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrate the logic in your application code to fetch an Azure AD access token via the Azure Identity library, as shown below. Replace it with the password configuring/retrieving logic in your application code.
```

> **Note:** The below sample uses `ClientSecretCredential` from our [Azure Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-node-latest) SDK, the credential can be replaced with any of the other `TokenCredential` implementations offered by our [Azure Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-node-latest) SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The below sample uses `ClientSecretCredential` from the [Azure Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-node-latest) library. The credential can be replaced with any of the other Azure Identity library `TokenCredential` implementations.
```

```ts
import Redis from "ioredis";
import * as dotenv from "dotenv";
import {ClientSecretCredential} from "@azure/identity";
dotenv.config();

async function main(){

> // Construct a Token Credential from Identity SDK, e.g. ClientSecretCredential / Client CertificateCredential / ManagedIdentityCredential etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Construct a Token Credential from Identity library, e.g. ClientSecretCredential / ClientCertificateCredential / ManagedIdentityCredential, etc.
```

const credential = new ClientSecretCredential(process.env.AZURE_TENANT_ID, process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_ID,process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET);
try{

  // Fetch an AAD token to be used for authentication. This token will be used as the password.
  let accessToken = await credential.getToken("https://*.cacheinfra.windows.net:10225/appid/.default");

> // Option 1:Create Ioredis client and connect to the Azure Cache for Redis over the non-TLS port using the access token as password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Option 1: Create ioredis client and connect to the Azure Cache for Redis over the non-TLS port using the access token as password.
```

//   const redis = new Redis({
//     port:6379,
//     host: process.env.REDIS_HOSTNAME,
//     username:process.env.REDIS_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME,
//     password: accessToken.token
//   });

> // Option 2: Create Ioredis client and connect to the Azure Cache for Redis over the TLS port using the access token as password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Option 2: Create ioredis client and connect to the Azure Cache for Redis over the TLS port using the access token as password.
```

  const redis = new Redis({
    username:process.env.REDIS_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME,
    password: accessToken.token,
    tls:{
      host: process.env.REDIS_HOSTNAME,
      port: 6380
    }
  });

try{
 // Set a value against your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
  await redis.set("Az:mykey", "value123"); // Returns a promise which resolves to "OK" when the command succeeds.
 }             
 catch(e){
   console.log("error while redis set");
   console.log(e);
 }
// Fetch value of your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
console.log("redis key:", await redis.get("Az:mykey"));
// Close the Ioredis Client Connection
redis.disconnect();
}
catch(e){
  console.log("error during get token -");
  console.log(e);
}

}
main().catch((err) => {
  console.log("error code: ", err.code);
  console.log("error message: ", err.message);
  console.log("error stack: ", err.stack);
});

```

> #### Authenticate with AAD Handle Re Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Authenticate with Azure AD: Handle Reauthentication
```

This sample is intended to assist in authenticating with AAD via Ioredis client library. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an AAD Access token and to use it as password when setting up the Ioredis instance. It further shows how to recreate and authenticate the Ioredis instance when its connection is broken in Error/Exception scenarios.

> Familiarity with the Ioredis and Azure Identity client libraries is assumed. If you're new to the Azure Identity library for Javascript, see the docs for [Azure Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-node-latest) and [ioredis](https://github.com/luin/ioredis) rather than this guide.

Reviewer: Remove, as this text should appear at a higher level in the doc.
```suggestion
```

##### Migration Guidance

> When migrating your existing your application code, you need to replace the password input with Azure Active Directory Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When migrating your existing your application code, replace the password input with Azure AD token.
```

> Integrate the logic in your application code to fetch an AAD Access Token via Identity SDK as shown below and replace the password configuring/retrieving logic in your application code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrate the logic in your application code to fetch an Azure AD access token via the Azure Identity library, as shown below. Replace the password configuring/retrieving logic in your application code.
```

```ts
import Redis from "ioredis";
import * as dotenv from "dotenv";
import {ClientSecretCredential, TokenCredential} from "@azure/identity";
dotenv.config();

async function returnPassword(credential: TokenCredential) {  
    try{
        // Fetch an AAD token to be used for authentication. This token will be used as the password.
        let accessToken = await credential.getToken("https://*.cacheinfra.windows.net:10225/appid/.default");
        return accessToken;
    }
    catch(e){
        throw("error during getToken -",e);
    }
}

async function main(){
    // Construct a Token Credential from Identity SDK, e.g. ClientSecretCredential / Client CertificateCredential / ManagedIdentityCredential etc.
    const credential = new ClientSecretCredential(process.env.AZURE_TENANT_ID, process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_ID,process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET);

>     // Create Ioredis client and connect to the Azure Cache for Redis over the TLS port using the access token as password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Create ioredis client and connect to the Azure Cache for Redis over the TLS port using the access token as password.
```

> ## Azure Cache for Redis AAD with ioredis client library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Azure Cache for Redis: Azure AD with ioredis client library
```

### Table of contents

- [ioredis library](#ioredis-library)

>     - [Dependency Requirements](#dependency-requirements-ioredis)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Dependency requirements](#dependency-requirements-ioredis)
```

>     - [Authenticate with AAD - Hello World](#authenticate-with-aad-ioredis-hello-world)
>     - [Authenticate with AAD - Handle Reauthentication](#authenticate-with-aad-handle-reauthentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Authenticate with Azure AD - Hello World](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-ioredis-hello-world)
    - [Authenticate with Azure AD - Handle Reauthentication](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-handle-reauthentication)
```

### ioredis library

> #### Dependency Requirements ioredis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Dependency requirements: ioredis
```

Add the following dependencies to *package.json*:

```

>     "@azure/identity":"^2.0.4",
>     "ioredis": "^5.0.4"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"dependencies": {
  "@azure/identity":"^2.0.4",
  "ioredis": "^5.0.4",
```

```

#### Authenticate with Azure AD: Hello World

> This sample is intended to assist in authenticating with AAD via ioredis client library. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an AAD access token and to use it as password when setting up the ioredis instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample is intended to assist in authenticating with Azure AD via the ioredis client library. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an Azure AD access token and to use it as the password when setting up the ioredis instance.
```

> This sample is intended to assist in authenticating with Azure AD via the ioredis client library. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an Azure AD access token and to use it as the password when setting up the ioredis instance.

Author: Yes you are right. It is about authenticating with a hosted redis instance in azure using an access token as password. I will try to elaborate it in the description. Thanks

Familiarity with the [ioredis](https://github.com/luin/ioredis) and [Azure Identity for JavaScript](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-node-latest) client libraries is assumed.

##### Migration Guidance

When migrating your existing your application code, replace the password input with Azure AD token.

> Integrate the logic in your application code to fetch an Azure AD access token via the Azure Identity library, as shown below. Replace it with the password configuring/retrieving logic in your application code.

Reviewer 2: Isn't super clear to me what this means. Is this application security guidance?

Author: Migrating from using ioredis with the username password to using AAD credentials for the authentication

**Note:** The below sample uses `ClientSecretCredential` from the [Azure Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-node-latest) library. The credential can be replaced with any of the other Azure Identity library `TokenCredential` implementations.

```ts
import Redis from "ioredis";
import * as dotenv from "dotenv";

> import {ClientSecretCredential} from "@azure/identity";

Reviewer: Add spacing to improve readability
```suggestion
import { ClientSecretCredential } from "@azure/identity";
```

dotenv.config();

> 

Reviewer: Remove blank line to reduce vertical scrolling
```suggestion
```

async function main(){
// Construct a Token Credential from Identity library, e.g. ClientSecretCredential / ClientCertificateCredential / ManagedIdentityCredential, etc.

> const credential = new ClientSecretCredential(process.env.AZURE_TENANT_ID, process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_ID,process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET);

Reviewer: Indent the lines inside the `main` function

try{

> 
>   // Fetch an AAD token to be used for authentication. This token will be used as the password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Fetch an Azure AD token to be used for authentication. This token will be used as the password.
```

  let accessToken = await credential.getToken("https://*.cacheinfra.windows.net:10225/appid/.default");

// Option 1: Create ioredis client and connect to the Azure Cache for Redis over the non-TLS port using the access token as password.
//   const redis = new Redis({
//     port:6379,
//     host: process.env.REDIS_HOSTNAME,
//     username:process.env.REDIS_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME,
//     password: accessToken.token
//   });

// Option 2: Create ioredis client and connect to the Azure Cache for Redis over the TLS port using the access token as password.
  const redis = new Redis({

>     username:process.env.REDIS_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME,

Author: it's actually the AAD name from the app registration used

    password: accessToken.token,
    tls:{
      host: process.env.REDIS_HOSTNAME,
      port: 6380
    }
  });

try{
 // Set a value against your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
  await redis.set("Az:mykey", "value123"); // Returns a promise which resolves to "OK" when the command succeeds.
 }             
 catch(e){
   console.log("error while redis set");
   console.log(e);

>  }

Author: The try-catch does seem kind of redundant. I added it in there when I was testing this step-by-step. But don't need this on a sample for customer

>  }

Author: done

// Fetch value of your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
console.log("redis key:", await redis.get("Az:mykey"));

> // Close the Ioredis Client Connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Close the ioredis client connection
```

redis.disconnect();
}
catch(e){
  console.log("error during get token -");
  console.log(e);

> }

Author: remnoved

}
main().catch((err) => {
  console.log("error code: ", err.code);
  console.log("error message: ", err.message);
  console.log("error stack: ", err.stack);
});

> 

Reviewer: Remove blank line
```suggestion
```

```

#### Authenticate with Azure AD: Handle Reauthentication

> This sample is intended to assist in authenticating with AAD via ioredis. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an AAD access token and to use it as password when setting up the ioredis instance. It further shows how to recreate and authenticate the ioredis instance when its connection is broken in error/exception scenarios.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This sample is intended to assist in authenticating with Azure AD via ioredis. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an Azure AD access token and to use it as the password when setting up the ioredis instance. It further shows how to recreate and authenticate the ioredis instance when its connection is broken in error/exception scenarios.
```

##### Migration Guidance
When migrating your existing your application code, replace the password input with Azure AD token.
Integrate the logic in your application code to fetch an Azure AD access token via the Azure Identity library, as shown below. Replace the password configuring/retrieving logic in your application code.

**Note:** The below sample uses `ClientSecretCredential` from our [Azure Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-node-latest) library. The credential can be replaced with any of the other Azure Identity library `TokenCredential` implementations.

```ts
import Redis from "ioredis";
import * as dotenv from "dotenv";

> import {ClientSecretCredential, TokenCredential} from "@azure/identity";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { ClientSecretCredential, TokenCredential } from "@azure/identity";
```

dotenv.config();

async function returnPassword(credential: TokenCredential) {  
    try{

>         // Fetch an AAD token to be used for authentication. This token will be used as the password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Fetch an Azure AD token to be used for authentication. This token will be used as the password.
```

        let accessToken = await credential.getToken("https://*.cacheinfra.windows.net:10225/appid/.default");
        return accessToken;
    }
    catch(e){
        throw("error during getToken -",e);

>     }

Author: removed

}

async function main(){
    // Construct a Token Credential from Identity library, e.g. ClientSecretCredential / ClientCertificateCredential / ManagedIdentityCredential, etc.
    const credential = new ClientSecretCredential(process.env.AZURE_TENANT_ID, process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_ID,process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET);

    // Create ioredis client and connect to the Azure Cache for Redis over the TLS port using the access token as password.
    const redis = new Redis({
        username:process.env.REDIS_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME,
        password: (await returnPassword(credential)).token,
        tls:{
                host: process.env.REDIS_HOSTNAME,
                port: 6380
            }
    });

>     for(let i = 0; i < 3;i++){

Author: The loop is used to demonstrate the retry logic which even the customers will have in their application code to retry.

        try{
            // Set a value against your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
            await redis.set("Az:mykey", "value123"); // Returns a promise which resolves to "OK" when the command succeeds.
            // Fetch value of your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
            console.log("redis key:", await redis.get("Az:mykey"));

>             // Close the Ioredis Client Connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Close the ioredis client connection
```

            redis.disconnect();
            break;
        }
        catch(e){

>             console.log("error during redis get",e.toString());

Reviewer: Add space to improve readability
```suggestion
            console.log("error during redis get", e.toString());
```

            if((await returnPassword(credential)).expiresOnTimestamp <= Date.now()){

>                 redis = new Redis({

Author: I forgot to update that to `let`

>                 redis = new Redis({

Author: done

                    username:process.env.REDIS_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME,

>                     password: (await returnPassword(credential)).token,

Author: done

   This sample is recommended to users looking to build long-running applications and would like to handle reauthenticating with Azure AD upon token expiry.
* [Authenticate with Azure AD - Using Token Cache](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-using-token-cache):
  This sample is recommended to users looking to build long-running applications that would like to handle reauthenticating with a token cache. The token cache stores and proactively refreshes the Azure AD access token 2 minutes before expiry and ensures a non-expired token is available for use when the cache is accessed.
#### Authenticate with Azure AD: Hello World

This sample is intended to assist in authenticating with Azure AD via the ioredis client library. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an Azure AD access token and to use it as the password when setting up the ioredis instance.

##### Migration Guidance

When migrating your existing application code, replace the password input with Azure AD token. Azure Redis Cache name, username, Azure AD token, and use of SSL are required while connecting with the cache.

> The username will depend on whether you are using Service Principal, Managed identity, or Microsoft username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The username will depend on whether you're using service principal, managed identity, or Microsoft username.
```

##### Migration Guidance

When migrating your existing your application code, you need to replace the password input with the Azure AD token.
Integrate the logic in your application code to fetch an Azure AD access token via the Azure Identity library. Store the token in a token cache, as shown below. Replace the token with the password configuring/retrieving logic in your application code.

```ts
import Redis from "ioredis";
import { DefaultAzureCredential, TokenCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import * as dotenv from "dotenv";
dotenv.config();

async function returnPassword(credential: TokenCredential) {
  try {

>     // The scope will be changed for Azure AD Public Preview

Reviewer: Create an issue to track this change

Author: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/22770

## Azure Cache for Redis: Azure AD with ioredis client library

### Table of contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)

> - [Authenticate with Azure AD - Hello World](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-ioredis-hello-world)

Reviewer 2: I still find "Hello World" offputting.

What I don't want is for someone to search "@azure/identity hello world" and end up on a detailed sample about how to auth a hosted redis client. I don't think there's anything wrong with just calling this sample "Authenticate a client" rather than "hello world." The latter is just not informative of what the content of the sample actually seeks to accomplish.

CC @scottaddie

In general, I think if we find ourselves reaching for "it's the hello world of `X`" as a way to explain the sample, then the sample should just be called `X` instead. A less problematic version of this is "getting started," but in this case it's just about authenticating the client, so why not just call it that?

Reviewer: @KarishmaGhiya Will makes a great point here. It's something I overlooked. Let's change the heading to "Authenticate with Azure AD - Authenticate a client".

- [Authenticate with Azure AD - Handle Reauthentication](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-handle-reauthentication)

> - [Authenticate with Azure AD - Using Token Cache](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-using-token-cache)

Reviewer 2: I really thought that "using token cache" would be about `@azure/identity-cache-persistence`, but it's about locally storing the token in a variable (which you already do in the reauthentication sample as well, so I don't understand the token cache sample).

I think we should avoid this phrasing of "token cache" because it sounds like it's going to use the plugin.

>     - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
>     - [Authenticate with Azure AD - Hello World](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-ioredis-hello-world)
>     - [Authenticate with Azure AD - Handle Reauthentication](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-handle-reauthentication)
>     - [Authenticate with Azure AD - Using Token Cache](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-using-token-cache)
>     - [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Authenticate with Azure AD - Hello World](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-ioredis-hello-world)
- [Authenticate with Azure AD - Handle Reauthentication](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-handle-reauthentication)
- [Authenticate with Azure AD - Using Token Cache](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-using-token-cache)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
```

> ### ioredis library
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Prerequisites

- Configuration of Role and Role Assignments is required before using the sample code in this document.
- **Dependency Requirements:**
    Add the following dependencies to *package.json*:

    ```
    "dependencies": {
      "@azure/identity": "^2.0.4",
      "ioredis": "^5.0.4",
    ```

#### Samples Guidance

> Familiarity with the [ioredis](https://github.com/luin/ioredis) and [Azure Identity for JavaScript](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-node-latest) client libraries is assumed.

Reviewer: Let's remove this sentence from this section and make it a prerequisite instead.

   This sample is recommended to users looking to build long-running applications and would like to handle reauthenticating with Azure AD upon token expiry.
* [Authenticate with Azure AD - Using Token Cache](#authenticate-with-azure-ad-using-token-cache):
  This sample is recommended to users looking to build long-running applications that would like to handle reauthenticating with a token cache. The token cache stores and proactively refreshes the Azure AD access token 2 minutes before expiry and ensures a non-expired token is available for use when the cache is accessed.

#### Authenticate with Azure AD: Hello World

This sample is intended to assist in authenticating a hosted Azure Cache for Redis instance with Azure AD via the ioredis client library. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an Azure AD access token and to use it as the password when setting up the ioredis instance.

##### Migration Guidance

When migrating your existing application code to authenticate with Azure AD, replace the password input with Azure AD token. Azure Redis Cache name, username, Azure AD token, and use of SSL are required while connecting with the cache.

> The username will depend on whether you're using service principal, managed identity, or Microsoft username.

Reviewer 2: I feel that this should be the leading bit of file. It's the single most important thing the sample conveys: to authenticate with Azure Cache for Redis using AAD RBAC, replace the username with the name of an app registration with the correct role binding, and pass a valid access token to the password field.

Integrate the logic in your application code to fetch an Azure AD access token via the Azure Identity library, as shown below. Replace it with the password configuring/retrieving logic in your application code.

```ts
import Redis from "ioredis";
import { DefaultAzureCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import * as dotenv from "dotenv";
dotenv.config();

async function main() {
  // Construct a Token Credential from Identity library, e.g. ClientSecretCredential / ClientCertificateCredential / ManagedIdentityCredential, etc.
  const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();

  // The scope will be changed for Azure AD Public Preview
  const redisScope = "https://*.cacheinfra.windows.net:10225/appid/.default"
  
  // Fetch an Azure AD token to be used for authentication. This token will be used as the password.
  let accessTokenObject = await credential.getToken(
    redisScope
  );

  // Create ioredis client and connect to the Azure Cache for Redis over the TLS port using the access token as password.
  const redis = new Redis({

>     username: process.env.REDIS_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME,

Reviewer 2: The sample needs to provide clear instructions for where to get this value (I assume this means the name of the customer-created app registration that the role is bound to) and how to configure the role binding that the service requires, etc. Is this the SPN, or the name of the app registration.

Author: Configuration of the roles is mentioned in the pre-requisite section.

Reviewer 2: Mentioned, but not explained and no clear instructions. What role binding do I apply to grant access to the redis instance?

    password: accessTokenObject.token,
    tls: {
      host: process.env.REDIS_HOSTNAME,
      port: 6380,
    },
    keepAlive: 0
  });

  // Set a value against your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
  await redis.set("Az:mykey", "value123"); // Returns a promise which resolves to "OK" when the command succeeds.
  // Fetch value of your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
  console.log("redis key:", await redis.get("Az:mykey"));

> }
> main().catch((err) => {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
}

main().catch((err) => {
```

* [Client Certificate Credential](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/identity/clientcertificatecredential?view=azure-node-latest)
* [Client Secret Credential](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/identity/clientsecretcredential?view=azure-node-latest)
* [Managed Identity Credential](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/identity/managedidentitycredential?view=azure-node-latest)
* [Username Password Credential](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/identity/usernamepasswordcredential?view=azure-node-latest)
* [Azure CLI Credential](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/identity/azureclicredential?view=azure-node-latest)
* [Interactive Browser Credential](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/identity/interactivebrowsercredential?view=azure-node-latest)

> * [Device Code Credential](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/identity/devicecodecredential?view=azure-node-latest)

Reviewer 2: Isn't this pretty much all of them? Why would a particular token credential _not_ be supported as long as the access token identifies a principal with the correct role binding?

Author: Authorization Code is not included in the list

Reviewer 2: I guess my question is really why those don't work. Auth Code I kind of understand, and VS Code credential is broken, but why not powershell? Could we just say "these three credentials can't be used" and point people to AzureApplicationCredential as a good default?

Author: For private preview, these 3 credentials are not supported. For public preview, service may add the support

#### Authenticate with Azure AD: Handle Reauthentication

> This sample is intended to assist in authenticating a hosted Azure Cache for Redis instance with Azure AD via ioredis. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an Azure AD access token and to use it as the password when setting up the ioredis instance. It further shows how to recreate and authenticate the ioredis instance when its connection is broken in error/exception scenarios.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample is intended to assist in authenticating a hosted Azure Cache for Redis instance with Azure AD via ioredis. It shows the logic required to fetch an Azure AD access token and to use it as the password when setting up the ioredis instance. It further shows how to recreate and authenticate the ioredis instance when its connection is broken in error/exception scenarios.
```

##### Migration Guidance

When migrating your existing application code to authenticate with Azure AD, replace the password input with Azure AD token.

> Integrate the logic in your application code to fetch an Azure AD access token via the Azure Identity library, as shown below. Replace the password configuring/retrieving logic in your application code.

Reviewer 2: This "Migration Guidance" header is mostly repeated from the previous one.

```ts
import Redis from "ioredis";
import { DefaultAzureCredential, TokenCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import * as dotenv from "dotenv";
dotenv.config();

async function returnPassword(credential: TokenCredential) {
  try {
    // The scope will be changed for Azure AD Public Preview
    const redisScope = "https://*.cacheinfra.windows.net:10225/appid/.default"

    // Fetch an Azure AD token to be used for authentication. This token will be used as the password.

>     let accessTokenObject = await credential.getToken(redisScope);
>     return accessTokenObject;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    return credential.getToken(redisScope);
```

  } catch (e) {
    throw e;

>   }

Reviewer 2: `catch (e) { throw e; }` does nothing, so the whole try/catch can be removed.

}

async function main() {
  // Construct a Token Credential from Identity library
  const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();

>   let accessTokenObject = await returnPassword(credential);

Reviewer 2: `token` or `accessToken`. `accessTokenObject` is a bit excessive.

Author: I want to be specific that they should use the `token` field of this object as the password rather than the object directly. Using `accessTokn.token` to me looked repititive

Reviewer 2: fair enough

  // Create ioredis client and connect to the Azure Cache for Redis over the TLS port using the access token as password.
  let redis = new Redis({
    username: process.env.REDIS_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME,
    password: accessTokenObject.token,
    tls: {
      host: process.env.REDIS_HOSTNAME,
      port: 6380,
    },
    keepAlive: 0
  });

  for (let i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
    try {
      // Set a value against your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
      await redis.set("Az:mykey", "value123");
      // Fetch value of your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
      console.log("redis key:", await redis.get("Az:mykey"));
      break;
    } catch (e) {
      console.log("error during redis get", e.toString());
      if ((accessTokenObject.expiresOnTimestamp <= Date.now())|| (redis.status === "end" || "close") ) {
        redis.disconnect();
        redis = new Redis({
          username: process.env.REDIS_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME,
          password: accessTokenObject.token,
          tls: {
            host: process.env.REDIS_HOSTNAME,
            port: 6380,
          },
          keepAlive: 0
        });
      }
    }
  }

> }
> main().catch((err) => {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
}

main().catch((err) => {
```

  console.log("error code: ", err.code);
  console.log("error message: ", err.message);
  console.log("error stack: ", err.stack);
});
```

#### Authenticate with Azure AD: Using Token Cache

This sample is intended to assist in authenticating a hosted Azure Cache for Redis instance with Azure AD via the ioredis client library. It focuses on displaying the logic required to fetch an Azure AD access token using a token cache and to use it as password when setting up the ioredis instance. It also shows how to recreate and authenticate the ioredis instance using the cached access token when the client's connection is broken in error/exception scenarios. The token cache stores and proactively refreshes the Azure AD access token 2 minutes before expiry and ensures a non-expired token is available for use when the cache is accessed.

##### Migration Guidance

When migrating your existing your application code to authenticate with Azure AD, you need to replace the password input with the Azure AD token.

> Integrate the logic in your application code to fetch an Azure AD access token via the Azure Identity library. Store the token in a token cache, as shown below. Replace the token with the password configuring/retrieving logic in your application code.

Reviewer 2: mostly repeated again.

```ts
import Redis from "ioredis";
import { DefaultAzureCredential, TokenCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import * as dotenv from "dotenv";
dotenv.config();

async function returnPassword(credential: TokenCredential) {
  try {
    // The scope will be changed for Azure AD Public Preview
    const redisScope = "https://*.cacheinfra.windows.net:10225/appid/.default"

    // Fetch an Azure AD token to be used for authentication. This token will be used as the password.
    let accessTokenObject = await credential.getToken(redisScope);
    return accessTokenObject;
  } catch (e) {
    throw e;

>   }

Reviewer 2: not necessary

    password: accessTokenObject.token,
    tls: {
      host: process.env.REDIS_HOSTNAME,
      port: 6380,
    },
    keepAlive: 0
  });

  const id = setInterval(async () => {
    // Check for password expiry
    console.log("checking for expiration,");
    if ((accessTokenObject.expiresOnTimestamp- 120*1000) <= Date.now()) {
      accessTokenObject = await returnPassword(credential);
    }
  }, 1000);

  for (let i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
    try {
      // Set a value against your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
      await redis.set("Az:mykey", "value123");
      // Fetch value of your key in the Azure Redis Cache.
      console.log("redis key:", await redis.get("Az:mykey"));
      break;
    } catch (e) {
      console.log("error during redis get", e.toString());
      if ((accessTokenObject.expiresOnTimestamp <= Date.now())|| (redis.status === "end" || "close") ) {
        redis.disconnect();
        redis = new Redis({
          username: process.env.REDIS_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME,
          password: accessTokenObject.token,
          tls: {
            host: process.env.REDIS_HOSTNAME,
            port: 6380,
          },
          keepAlive: 0
        });
      }
    }

>     await sleep(1000);

Reviewer 2: What's the purpose of the `sleep` here? The previous sample doesn't do this.

Author: removed it

  }
  clearInterval(id);

> }

Reviewer 2: I don't think this sample does anything useful compared to the previous one, or am I missing something?

Here we refresh the token every second if it's within 120 seconds of expiration, so when would the loop's catch block ever be triggered. Isn't it better to schedule a timeout for 120 seconds before the token you already have is going to expire and only refresh it once you know you need to?

## Azure Cache for Redis: Azure AD with ioredis client library

### Table of contents

> - [ioredis library](#ioredis-library)

Reviewer: You can remove this list item. The doc's title already makes it clear that this is the ioredis library.

Author: ```suggestion
```
